[Music]
five natural ways to shape and from your
breath a large part of the desire for
perfect breasts is appearance but in
reality your concern should be for
something much more important your
health take note and you'll keep your
breasts beautiful and full for a long
time to come and remember that the Sun
is the most dangerous enemy for your
breasts five cold shower
[Music]
a nice cold shower may not be enjoyable
but it's crucial for skin tone if you
can't do that every day
apply ice cubes or a cold gauze pad to
your breath also you should try contrast
shower when finishing a shower make the
water interns icy cold and hot such a
contrast shower will not only firm your
breasts and also chase away such
diseases as arrhythmia obesity and
hypertension for straight back when you
stoop you don't just make your breasts
less attractive to look at and you also
relax your chest muscles always keep
your shoulders straight it's good both
for your muscle tone and your appearance
also find some time to do exercises that
will help you improve your posture try
to spend 10 to 20 minutes a day
exercising don't overstrain yourself
otherwise you'll only make it worse if
you are an office worker don't forget to
do a warm-up for your back neck and
shoulders daily
three no pressure on your breast
[Music]
try not to sleep on your breasts and
always choose underwear that fits a bra
that seemingly pushes your breasts up
and makes your cleavage sexier is in
fact terribly harmful for them it makes
you feel uncomfortable and disrupt your
blood flow many women buy bras that are
the size they would like to wear rather
than one actually fits them often this
turns out to be a cup size smaller than
what they need to definitively work out
which size you need you have to start by
taking your measurements however these
measurements are only the beginning the
size you measure might turn out to be
slightly incorrect when you come to try
something on simply because different
companies make items that are marginally
different in size and because your body
shape is unique to do sports correctly
[Music]
jogging aerobics and other active sports
may be good for your overall shape and
well-being but they can be harmful to
your breasts as sharp movements lead to
soft tissue damage the only solution is
once again the correct sportswear never
run or jump without a special bra
jogging and performing other activities
of a sports bra may lead to breast
deformation one avoid the Sun
[Music]
abusing tanning especially without
sunscreen results in dryness of the skin
and loss of its elasticity lying topless
on a Sun bed or the beach is not a good
idea if you want to keep the shape of
your breasts you should always
moisturize your D Colette's own skin and
protect it from the Sun remember that
the skin here is very sensitive don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]